#Durfess29488
when Lava La Rue came on at Klute 31/10 i lost my mind, as a third year, i have not enjoyed the music this much in a while
#Durfess29487
Core memory unlocked: seeing the weeknd bandaged up vibing to Umbrella in Bohemia 
#Durfess29486

Bruh Dj 'Read the room'
Try harder next time
#Durfess29485
So which one of you got a job at Aldi?
#Durfess29484
has anyone actually gotten a noise complain to the council investigated? my housemates and i have been reporting for a while now and we rarely get a response.
#Durfess29483
Sorry but why do people destroy pumpkins which have innocently been put outside for Halloween as they walk past? If you're that passionate about smashing gourds, join DU Squash Club FFS
#Durfess29482
Does anyone actually play games to win? (Stupid question, I know)
I don’t but I should more. I just get distracted by how fun the game actually is and I start suggesting new rules even and then everyone gets sick of it and the game finishes unfinished if you get me
#Durfess29481
Sorry to the tall guy in the cheerleader costume on Halloween night at Jimmy's. I was not flirting (as I am gay and was sober), my friend just desperately wanted to know if you were dressed as Quinn Fabray bc she loves Glee but was too nervous to ask herself :)
#Durfess29480
To the people who think the Bailey is a footpath... take your headphones off, stop being drunk and pay attention - THE BAILEY IS A ROAD. When a car or bicycle comes along you are obliged to move to the side OR walk on the pavement like you would on any other ROAD. This applies all the way to Cuths. Regards, the poor cyclist whos finger is blistered cause they've used so much bell the past week.
#Durfess29479
are there any active (visual) art societies? the only one i can find doesn’t seem to be active anymore
#Durfess29478
Response to #Durfess29388
I know exactly what you mean, and it’s not just Billy B. Like I have back to back lectures so I have to grab a snack in between but none of my friends seem to eat anything at all and I’m like if I did that I would just collapse . Just sort of tried to ignore that fact now and just eat what I need when I need.
#Durfess29477
When I read through Durfess, I find it’s often such an.. ethereal experience 
#Durfess29476
Should I move out of a problematic household where everyone seems to have an issue with me being a bit messy from time to time but I’m trying to resolve issues amicably whereas they cannot give me the same respect when I bring up issues or should I stay in so the responsibility doesn’t fall on the one r remaining house member to sort everything out ??
#Durfess29475
On behalf of all bartenders, if I hear another ‘can i get a shot’ or a ‘double cran’ I will go ballistic. Specify what you want, its not fun for us
#Durfess29474
Petition to get a massive can of WD40 and oil up every single moving thing in the Billy B - doors, chairs, you name it. I’ll even do it myself.

- a grumpy library user
#Durfess29473

Do you think Morgan and Douglas have explored each others bodies?
#Durfess29472

Petition to make Durfess Durham's Gossip Girl!!!
#Durfess29471
For the love of god, if you live in a student house and you have a steamy shower - OPEN THE WINDOWS OR TURN ON THE EXTRACTOR FAN. I’m not having damp in the house because you can’t open a window.
#Durfess29470
POV: you go to MC cafe to buy a latte with your Team Durham Membership ‘20% hot drinks discount’ to be told it’s only for teas and americanos 

Honestly, I’d like to give a massive shoutout to The Palatinate for giving us some form of transparency with “membership” fee….

What I took from it - Team Durham have upped facility hire for certain clubs which would ‘out price’ such clubs. Therefore, the rest of us have to pick up the bill by spreading the fees across the whole of the Durham teams.

It’s insulting when you see the scholarships and support that the likes of Nottingham and Loughborough offer.
#Durfess29469
Durfess I need your help. Things got a bit buckwild between me and my girlfriend and I shoved my campus card up her arse.

Do I:

 just use her as a campus card (lift her up to present bum to scanner)

 suck it up and try to get it out

 what the actual flying fuck is wrong with you

 nice
#Durfess29468
I think I might have SAD but not sure if I’m just being dramatic / lazy. I just have no energy at all when it’s dark / cloudy and don’t leave the house when I normally would and end up missing lectures and social things I genuinely wanted to go to. It is really affecting my ability to do my uni work as well. What should I do?
#Durfess29467
When are we gonna protest about the lack of options in college food? As someone who doesn’t eat meat, I used to always get stuff from the deli counter; now that’s gone. I used to always get breakfast pastries- they are also gone too. And I miss my veggie sausage butties on a Wednesday morning. Given that the cost of college food has also increased, I don't see why they have gutted the selection.
#Durfess29466

anyone else in durham with a 3DS? i need streetpass friends 
#Durfess29465
Graduating is having the blokes who used to hit on you in the Jimmys smoking area move on to adding you on LinkedIn
#Durfess29464
Is it ok to change your mind on who you want to house with before you get one? I've just realised I might not want to live with the person I've sort of "agreed" with for another year and I'm not sure how to go about thinking about this rationally. Sincerely, a confused first year
#Durfess29463
does anyone else have a breakdown on halloween every year (since coming to durham) and then immediately book train tickets home or to visit friends at their uni? tell me i’m not the only one
#Durfess29462
Hi, I’m an ex international student and I’ve been scammed by LoveSpace (uni storage facility which has tons of posters in unitestudent campuses throughout durham). I stored 6 bags with them in July this year and they misplaced one of my bags which had items worth well over £1500 but they’re only offering me £200 in damages. Despite sending them an email where I laid down my rights as a consumer and how this is pure negligence abd failure of operations on their part, they aren’t budging and are only offering me £200 as it’s their company policy. FYI: the bag also had my graduation 3 piece suit and a hand-sown indian kurta which was specially made for me. I wouldn’t recommend any student to use their services. I would appreciate any advice in this situation because I’m not a law student.
#Durfess29461
walking in between the narrow moving bookshelves in the billy b because the fear of being crushed is sometimes all you have to keep you going
#Durfess29460
Reminder to check in with your international friends, half term hits hard
#Durfess29459
my housemate won't stop signing shotgun by George Ezra and it's causing me quite a high degree of emotional distress. anyone got tips on how I can combat an issue as pertinent as this?
#Durfess29458
if you ever feel like no one wants you just remember that the revolving door to the billy b exists x
#Durfess29457
My boyfriend is fully convinced of a story about a person with Dwarfism being hoisted into the Marys ground floor freshers rooms and was caught stealing either last year or a few years ago. Can anyone corroborate this story or is he fully mad
#Durfess29456
Found out today that someone else in Durham shares my extremely rare name and now I have to eliminate them to preserve my sense of identity
#Durfess29455
A course friend of mine keeps asking me for my seminar reading notes because she says she doesn’t have time do the readings. It’s awkward to say no but my notes are my work and engagement with the readings, not just a summary and I spend 10+ hours reading for this seminar a week. I don’t really want to share them with her. Am I a bad friend?
#Durfess29454
My heart really goes out to the students with illnesses at uni. I can’t imagine how isolating it must be organising medication, missing out on socials and events, dealing with burnout from your condition whilst still being expected to keep up academically and socially with everyone else. Please look out for you friends and peers who take persistent medication and have illnesses, it’s not easy on them and your support is appreciated xx
#Durfess29453

Can people please comment tips on dealing with body image issues at uni
#Durfess29452
If you have a housemate who organises and pays all the bills - the least you can do is pay them back when they ask so they don’t have to keep awkwardly chasing you.
#Durfess29451
Solidarity to the people on the 4 year courses. Feels like only the other day we were all pushing each other down hills in shopping trolleys as fresher's and now almost everyone has graduated
#Durfess29450

Appreciation post for the new DEaCE exec, you're doing a fab job xx
#Durfess29449
How many nights is normal when in a relationship and not in the same house to spend the night together?
All 7
5-6
3-4
Less than 3

Just feels like we’re living with 1 less person as they’re always away
#Durfess29448
durham uni students i am literally begging you to become more aware of your surroundings. please stop taking up the entirety of the paths, it's annoying as fuck and disrespectful to people who have mobility issues (ie, wheelchairs and mobility scooters) who may genuinely need more room on the path so that they can travel safely. my dad (a wheelchair user) came to visit this weekend and the amount of people who wouldn't make room for him when he was just trying to enjoy the market and the town was insane. i know it's likely a small majority but please consider this in the future :)
#Durfess29447
If you had to sleep anywhere on campus - where would it be and why?

 - TLC
 - Billy B
 - Elvet Riverside
 - CLC
 - Palatine
 - Other (comment)
#Durfess29446

Best places in/near Durham for fireworks and a bonfire on the 5th?
#Durfess29445
Suffering from very real stress at the fact that i will physically not be able to afford any housing in durham next year
#Durfess29444
To the person on Hallgarth Street who posted my keys through my letter box after I left them in the door. Thank you, you saved me from saving me from adding to JW Wood's mountain of unnecessary wealth
#Durfess29443
Should I be allowed to ask my housemate/friends to not vape in the house?

 - Yes
 - No
#Durfess29442
Is there a jewellers in Durham? I accidentally broke the clasp of a necklace and would really like it fixed!
#Durfess29441

My foot just passed away pls post feet pics in the comments
#Durfess29440
I’m in second year and I still get nervous about arranging meetings with my academic advisors. What sorts of things can they help with?
#Durfess29439
Anyone able to let us know if it’s ok for alumni to visit college bars/klute and if so which ones? Coming back in November, graduated pre-Covid and haven’t been able to come back yet for obvious reasons but I would like to relive my uni days for a day or two. Pls help an old (26 yo) gal out.
#Durfess29438
Sometimes I like to think the world is a rational place with people who mostly have vaguely similar morals and values. Then I read a few durfesses and this notion gets obliterated.
#Durfess29437
I love seeing peoples parents post about their kids on facebook. even if its a fb friend i hardly know its the cutest thing ever how excited they are to share how much they LOVE you so please appreciate any middle ages person who tags you in a post!
#Durfess29436
I don’t think anyone at the uni has a faster Viaduct to Billy B time than me.
Post your pbs/ strava segments welcome.
#Durfess29435
To whoever took the trevs bench please return it or us know where it is, I really need a fag and all the other benches are bolted down.

Sincerely a very stressed member of staff.
#Durfess29434
Is it normal to have sausage rolls with guacamole? I'm quite concerned about my housemates habits...
 - No, that's cretinous behaviour
 - Yes, perfectly normal
#Durfess29433
Can we have an Olivia Rodrigo club night please? Need to scream about how my ex cheated on me with his 'close friend'
#Durfess29432
The girl im seeing lives quite near by and insists that shes good with walking back alone after a date. I feel conflicted about whether she wants me to anyway but isnt saying or is actually fine with it. Please vote im confused
 walk her back anyway
 she said its fine so leave it
#Durfess29431
The responses to #Durfess29345 have got to be the most wholesome thing I’ve seen in my 4 years in Durham 
#Durfess29430
Poll time, what’s your favourite JCR durfess beef
 cuths weekly scandal
 Aidans bans ch*pping
 whatever happened in johns
 castle exec fight
 another one
#Durfess29429
GUYS THERES MORE TOILETS IN KLUTE ON THE TOP FLOOR WOWOWWOWOWO MIND BLOWN!
#Durfess29428
To the gym girlies of Durham what is the showering etiquette in Freemans quay? An anxious girl who just wants to shower after using the gym and doesn’t get why the showers and changing cubicles are so far apart.
#Durfess29427
To the boy in the DU volleyball T-shirt in maiden castle cafe on 29/10, me and my friend weren’t staring because we fancy you, we were just absolutely flabbergasted by how closely you resemble Tom Holland. Durham’s Spider-Man?
#Durfess29426
What must be going through the minds of the dignified and sophisticated lecturers who post academic advice here when they read the many filthy and / or depraved posts?
#Durfess29425
Overheard in Gilesgate Sainsbury’s:

“They don’t have goose fat darling, we’ll have to just use olive oil.”
#Durfess29424
guys if you're going from durham into newcastle on the x12 dont bother with the £2.50 day ticket. an under 22 single is £1 each way so save yourselves the 50p x
#Durfess29423

I’ve eaten ass that taste better that Chad’s food…
#Durfess29422
Durham needs a gym/bodybuilding society! For those of us who don’t train olympic or powerlifting it’d be nice to have somewhere to meet other gym goers.
#Durfess29421
Question from someone hoping to run for an SU sabbatical position next year: how does Durfess think the SU can improve itself and be more helpful to students?
#Durfess29420
Durfess I need your help, i shat in my boyfriends mouth and now he’s really upset because he just meant to say ‘Spit in my mouth’ not ‘shit’!! What do I do?

Am I being gaslit right now
#Durfess29419
To the guys I saw dressing as Teletubbies last night (28/10) standing opposite Chad's around the spotlight, you are legend.
#Durfess29418
Because I loved the dogs so much, please can we do the same for cats (from someone who misses mine loads)
#Durfess29417
a post from the man walking around durham dressed as shrek:
it is true that i make a little bit of a fool of myself, but its really heart-warming to see how many people it can bring together haha
the posh lads, the not so posh lads. the people who go overboard for halloween, the people who dont dress up at all. men, women. so many people asking to take a picture with you, take a video with you and generally people making people's days. it makes my week too to see so many people happy over seeing someone in a shrek costume, thank you durham :)
#Durfess29416
To the couple coming out of The Gate Saturday night… the girl was crying and her partner was really having a go at her being verbally abusive… She looked so sad. I hope everything is okay. I didn’t want to intervene but wish I had now! Please ladies, remember to go to a bar and ask for Angela if you need help.
#Durfess29415
How do current third years find out/when do we find out when the graduation ceremony is? My parents are already asking…
#Durfess29414
Ranking all the colleges based on my favourite colours.
#Durfess29413
I need some advice please on how to handle this situation. Recently I’ve not been feeling my best mentally, I don’t have that many friends and I’d argue I only have one close friend but being with him certainly makes me feel a lot better. I’m not sure if this is my paranoia or what but I get the sense he’s starting to no longer want to be as good friends with me as there’s times where he’ll put ghost mode on so I don’t know if he’s decided to go out without me. I don’t believe I’m entitled to be invited to every night out or every social event he goes to but the fact he’s being secretive and purposefully not inviting me out to events which in the past he would makes me feel like shit. I don’t know how to covey this to him and tbh I would just like a sort of reason why as it feels like there’s been numerous times he’s done this and if I try and invite him out usually I get a “idk” response to whether he wants to go. My self esteem and overall mood has gone to shit and I’m over analysing every action that could have led to this. Any advice is much appreciated 
#Durfess29412
Ladies, would you appreciate it if a man approached you in public ask you for your number? I fell in love with a girl I saw outside Elvet Riverside but didn’t shoot my shot :(

 go for it, drop some game
 this would be creepy
#Durfess29411
Guys seriously how do you get rid of black mould.. I have like a proper phobia of mould but it's now growing all over my room and in the rest of my house and I'm like high-key terrified 
#Durfess29410
Someone at my work tonight ordered an old fashioned by asking for an 'oldy F' and honestly I have had enough of this place
#Durfess29409

Reminder to check in on your Presidents/Sabbs... they need it!
#Durfess29408
To the boys who live on Crossgate, your fart noises made my night 
#Durfess29407

What’s with the random noises attacking me on Crossgate every night
#Durfess29406
Spare a moment for everyone on a night out who won't remember the clocks go back
#Durfess29405
To the boys who were frisbeeing beer mats around Hatfield bar, no one else finds hurting people funny grow up
#Durfess29404

The SU is
 - ugly af
 - an abomination
#Durfess29403
Why does drinking your housemates' alcohol and then replacing the bottle feel cheaper than just buying the bottle in the first place?
#Durfess29402
Are there any recent grads out there wanting to connect? I’ve graduated and found my mates are all over the place/busy with different things - bored out of my brain living at home 
#Durfess29401

Best night out in Durham to avoid freshers? (Desperate 4th years)
#Durfess29400
to the 3 guys on north road who i shouted at to fuck off for no reason (28/10):
i’m so sorry i was dead inside & just wanted to feel something <3 hope u can understand
#Durfess29399

Does living with my ex flatcest qualify me for a SACs form
#Durfess29398
To David whom we stole a cowboy hat from last night in Walkergate. You played our game and lost, sorry! It was really fun chatting to you though, beware of Europeans next time. xx
#Durfess29397
Very hot take: wearing Durham college/society stash of any kind is so cringe. You all look exactly the same in your silly puffer jackets, where's the originality
#Durfess29396

Imagine living in Gilesgate...
#Durfess29395
My housemate has a picture of my nan on his bedroom wall. I've asked him to take it down because I no longer find it funny - but he's refusing. To be honest, it's a little bit weird now because I know he no longer finds it funny either. But the picture remains up. Obviously, it's my nan and it seems a bit disrespectful and odd. What should I do?
#Durfess29394
Why are people so aggressive in Jimmys? My friends and I are constantly either 1. being barged from behind by someone dancing backwards (for some reason?), 2. being squared up to or 3. being shoved out the way by someone who thinks they can go through people’s bodies to get to the exit. Seems like everyone, especially guys, has the biggest balls in the place - mate just relax I’m here to have a boogy. It’s basically got to the point of having to try to bodyguard anyone smaller than me

/

Also why does everyone insist on cramming into Jimmys when they know it’s full/gonna be too packed to move (massive catalyst for above^). Like sure Jimmys can be fun and is free entry but is packed Jimmys so worth it?
#Durfess29393
Is anyone else receiving uni fee invoices to their personal gmail addresses from I2CInvoices?? Is this legit or has there been a data leak??? Help
#Durfess29392
Durfess in 2024: Help! I slept with my housemate’s mum and sister without telling anyone, how do I tell him that I am going to be the father of his new sibling and nephew/niece at the same time? My girlfriend works part time as a babysitter and has offered to help them out and I don’t know how she will feel when she finds out she’s babysitting the kids I’ve had with other women during our relationship. Any advice would be appreciated
#Durfess29391
Last year I accidentally kissed my girlfriend’s sister in a drunken moment. A couple of months ago at the family roast things got a bit frisky with her mum in the toilet. Now I’m sucking off her dad. Should I:

 - get married
 - move onto the grandparents
#Durfess29390
i do campus cards at a college bar pretty frequently by myself, and sometimes with all the huge socials coming in it can be a bit overwhelming. everyone who says thank you to me when you leave the bar and get your card back, it seriously makes my night. really appreciate all the polite people out there!! 
#Durfess29389
Does everyone in Durham have communication issues ? Feels like half the posts I see on here could be solved by just talking to the person/people you’re anonymously posting about…
#Durfess29388
why am i the only person who brings snacks to bill brysonville?? if im going to write an essay i need my little treats. do you people not eat? i feel like a greedy gobble gannet!!
#Durfess29387
is it normal that i’m in my second year and haven’t made any friends? i don’t mean close friends; i don’t even have acquaintances. i go to societies etc sometimes but usually just end up having very brief awkward convos and sitting around alone
#Durfess29386
Can i hire a hot guy to cuddle just for when im on my period. Being single is painful enough without the cramps i will literally pay by hour for cuddles when im rotting and bleeding to death 
#Durfess29385
What was that weird light beam last night (27/10) that could be seen slightly from the science site? Was fully visible from nevilles cross but couldn’t work out the source 
#Durfess29384
Hate to say this as a finalist, but someone please tell me how to read the full online timetable! Where do you find the dates?
#Durfess29383
This is to all the people that have friends who completely moved for their job or university and know no one.

Check on them. Even if they seem busy or they take forever to answer messages.

This is coming from someone how moved away, knows no one and is feel alone and isolated and trying to put on a brave face. I just sometimes want a ‘what are you up to ?’
#Durfess29382
As a team Durham club that doesn't make any use of any maiden castle facilities, a £400 grant from team Durham is an insult. It's less than the £35 payed by each of our exec members, let alone what was payed by the rest of the club members. We've just lost money.
#dexit
#Durfess29381
Average durham boy
#Durfess29380
In light of all the Aidan’s drama, I have a question. You know how each college has a matriculator who signs the book in the cathedral? Just curious who chooses which fresher gets to sign the book at other colleges
 for the jcr/freps/exec/pres who know the fresh chooses
 for the college principal/staff choosing
#Durfess29379
to whoever controls the playlist in cuths bar,
u deserve a raise for the taylor swift u played on 1989 (tv) day, glcs social very much appreciated it xoxo
#Durfess29378
MC and Team Durham classing Nonce, a word which means someone who commits predatory sexual crime or activity, as homophobic is one of the most implicitly homophobic things I’ve ever seen. The idea of predatory homosexuality is clearly very alive in these peoples heads to get the ops so wrong when trying to do right.
#Durfess29377
does anyone else understand the significance of the special pair of trousers that make you feel good, especially as a bigger person? none of my friends understand
#Durfess29376
much appreciation to Chads catering which, whilst every other college is cutting down their meal quality and quantity, still remains great scran and ALSO has just come out with a meal bursary scheme for students who need it!!
#Durfess29375
People of durfess, I need advice :/
Someone in one of classes who I met this year has been making me extremely uncomfortable, and I don’t know how to make it stop. In person he was asking me weird things like where I live, if my house has parking, if I want to hang out, if he can live with my friends next year(who he’s never met!!) He was messaging me weird (but technically harmless) things until I stopped responding and eventually blocked him. After I blocked him he asked me for my Snapchat in person which I obviously didn’t give him. I have this class three times a week and he goes out of his way to sit with me- to the point of getting other people to move. It’s gotten to the point where I’m getting a bit scared tbh, and I’m so uncomfy in that class. Twice afterwards I went and hid in the toilets afterwards because I was paranoid he’d try and follow me. The worst thing he’s done though, is after I made absolutely sure that he couldn’t sit near me, by recruiting my girlies to sit around me, I noticed at the end of the class that he was loitering, so I made sure to wait a bit after he’d gone before I went too. He was waiting outside the door for me: “just to say hi”. I barely know this man, I’ve never meant to give him the wrong impression, but it’s at a point where I’m icy, rude and avoidant to him in person, and I’ve blocked him online, and he still won’t leave me alone!!!! Has anyone else been in a similar situation? Does anyone have any advice? ://
#Durfess29374

Is it weird to request your professors on LinkedIn …
#Durfess29373
Me and a friend are looking to go skiing at Christmas but we have no money. Where can we go for super cheap skiing. Nightlife is a bonus but not a necessity
#Durfess29372
In response to #Durfess29287, I also live on North Road but actually really enjoy the free late night entertainment; Why are you so angry Emma got with Jake? Why does Amelia need to stop getting with Aaron? Why did Harry not tell you about the scabies? Why is Barty trying to flirt with the Babylon bouncer?
#Durfess29371
became aware recently that some girls think they can’t go on birth control because they don’t want to/can’t pay for it- it is free through the NHS for everyone even if you are over 19/not a student!! get protected girlies x
#Durfess29370
if you’re coming to look round the house, fine, but DONT stand around in my room having a chat . next person that does this i am kicking in the shins.
#Durfess29369
Pls someone help! Just got my degree marks back for my masters and its 69.8  does anyone know if this gets rounded up???
#Durfess29368
To the dafty whose Stitch hat I stole in Fabs on Saturday.

Buy me a Jacky D in Jimmys on Halloween and I might just give it back
#Durfess29367

Should you tell someone if they've been cheated on?
 yes
 no
#Durfess29366
is there anyone, anyone at all that shares my nostalgic love for the nancy drew pc games from the early 2000s?? i fear i am alone
#Durfess29365
I want to go to Rotate but all my friends want to go CCTV because of their socials, how do I convince my friends that babs music is bad and to actually dance to good music where we can actually move around and not get shoved.
#Durfess29364
To big groups that come to restaurants unannounced! Please book and have some decorum x
#Durfess29363

happy 1989 taylor’s version day to all who celebrate 
#Durfess29362
I find it so annoying basically no societies make Facebook events anymore, since they could be synced automatically with calendars. Like bro I am NOT gonna be checking the stories of 20+ societies to see what's on tonight, missed several events I would have enjoyed like that
#Durfess29361
Forget about the crossgate cat, my eyes are on the crossgate rat…
#Durfess29360
Whoever lives in the large house on flass vale I am dying to befriend you; every night I go outside for a cigarette and you are partying, I have fomo xx
#Durfess29359
Can someone explain the point of taking in campus cards on entry at Bailey college bars? I don’t get it. And why is it not on the hill too? So confused.
#Durfess29358
Best florists in Durham? Or just places to get flowers in general that isn't Tesco
#Durfess29357
Academic peak? That is a little bit of a mood but also not really. For me it’s more physical peak. I am now up to 10 hours of being awake before I literally am wiped out lol
#Durfess29356
This is my first time sleeping in a double bed alone (totally loving the single life ahaha…). What are you supposed to do with this much space???

Pick a side and stick to it
Switch sides every now and then life’s too short
Starfish on your back
Starfish on your belly
Find someone to fill the space
Curl up in the foetal position and cry about your loneliness
#Durfess29355
What Night should i wear my best halloween costume?
Friday 27th
Saturday 28th
Tuesday 31st

Or Other!!!
#Durfess29354
@people with umbrellas, please be aware you know take up more space because of ur umbrella. Fed up of being twatted in the face by you
#Durfess29353
petition to ban STEMers from the billy b. why are you here, you don't even read books or write essays! go add and subtract your silly little numbers elsewhere!! (in my mercy i will make an exception for those writing a dissertation)
#Durfess29352
Pulled up at the Neville's Cross traffic lights about an hour ago (half-seven thursday night), and got an eye full from a guy strutting nude in front of his window. Everything on show, thoroughly scandalised.

Cute butt tho 
#Durfess29351
As drama with execs/ JCR carry on, I just wanna say Butler execs are the best!! Please don’t listen to others because you guys are doing so well xx
#Durfess29350
To the hockey girls who fried an egg in our house,

we really hope you won!

Lotsa love,
The apple cake house :) x
#Durfess29349
have people put their heating on already?

 yes
yes and above 20 degrees C
no, cost of living crisis
#Durfess29348
I work half as well on a desk in the Billy B (as opposed to in a private study room) but at a desk with other people the likelihood of a Tindur being written about me rises from 0% to a very slightly larger number.

I think it's a no brainer.
#Durfess29347
Does anyone have any advice for sociology/criminology essays/dissertation? Im struggling to get anything above 60. (for the marks I have actually got back yet..)
#Durfess29346
#Durfess29140 comment:

What sewage shower??!! What happened? I need details!
#Durfess29345

my dog just passed away pls post pics of doggos in the comments
#Durfess29344
Can someone who’s been in one of the fashion shows explain what actually happens in the interviews?
- Silly third year who’s always wanted to go for it but keeps getting anxiety about what to expect
#Durfess29343

Lectures and Seminars should be cancelled when it’s pouring it down
#Durfess29342
Just a little appreciation post  It absolutely makes my day when someone comes up to me and says ‘I think I know you from somewhere’ or mentions my TikTok and we start having wholesome little conversations. It makes me so happy when we start exchanging advice and compliments!!! I only wish people did this more often to each other and to strangers!!! I feel like after bumping into somebody I don’t see them againso I just wanted to say to everyone who I have spoken to on a night out - you’re all amazing, kind, and beautiful We need more people like you in this world!
#Durfess29341

God my day would be so much better if I could just pet one (1) dog
